THIS FILM IS A WORK OF FICTION
AND DOES NOT ACCURATELY DEPICT REAL LIFE.
PLEASE VIEW IT WITH UNDERSTANDING.
ALL CHARACTERS AND EVENTS ARE FICTIONAL.
Mom…
Someday, I will go to India
to meet Dad.
Yes.
When you go to India,
I'll write a letter to your dad.
What letter, Mom?
To remind him that you're his daughter.
If I meet him,
I'll take him home with me.
I'd really like that.
I love that. I'm really happy.
Uli!
That's Rhoma Irama's entourage!
Mr. Rhoma!
Magic hand.
Thank you, Mr. Rhoma.
Praise be to God.
I'm not lying!
Really, ma'am!
But my dad really is Amitabh Bachan.
Calm down, class!
My dad is indeed Amitabh Bachan!
You're all just jealous!
My dad is Mr. Harto.
Wrong!
Brother!
They're making fun of me again!
My dad is Amitabh Bachan. Nehi nehi.
Nehi nehi.
You're crazy, Devi!
Hey!
Her mom is even crazier.
You're crazy too, Uli. Just like Devi!
-Crazy!
Amitabh Bachan has never been to Kerinci.
There's no way you're her daughter.
Don't you dare!
Let's go!
It's okay, Devi. Don't be sad.
I told them to leave.
Uli, you should report Jefri
to the teacher.
I'll take Devi home.
Forget it, girl.
They're just jealous of you.
They think I'm crazy.
If you were,
there's no way you could
get good grades at school.
My teacher thinks so too.
I remember…
When you were a baby and I carried you,
you pointed at Amitabh Bachan's photo.
I asked,
"Do you want to see Dad?
Do you? You want to see him?"
You nodded.
You were happy.
Then I said,
"It's hard to meet your dad, honey.
He's busy filming."
Then you frowned.
You have had a strong bond with your dad
since you were a baby.
So, it can't be wrong, Devi.
Your dad is indeed Amitabh Bachan.
You're not lying, right?
No, Devi.
Why don't you believe me?
It must be all that school gossip
from your friends.
If they don't believe it,
they're not your friends.
Hey, don't be too loud!
Bruce Lee is on a rampage!
Dad!
What?
Please tell my brother not to be so loud.
You can write songs in your room.
Mr. Rhoma doesn't want that.
He likes it here.
He does. Let me talk to him.
Peace be upon you, Mr. Rhoma.
Can you help me?
Can you help Uli write a song in his room?
Of course.
He can help you.
Please teach me how to write songs.
When…
Ouch…
Do I look handsome now?
Where are you going?
I want to watch Devi practice dancing.
She's happy when I come.
I want to join!
No!
Why?
You'll be annoying.
Do I look handsome?
You nodded earlier!
Thank God, I'm more handsome.
Your hips, Devi.
The wind blows
Heart swept away
A happy tone without an atmosphere
Call his name
You must be complacent
Look at his figure
You'll be amazed
He exists without force
He's close to you there
I accept everything
Amitabh, this is your daughter
Devi Bachan
Now we do the lotus movement.
One, two, three, four, five, six…
-Is that Brother Emir?
-…seven, eight.
Mom, he always peeks when I practice.
Come in, Emir.
How's your kung fu?
It's getting better. Bruce Lee trained me.
If only I were like you.
Don't feel sorry for yourself.
But I do feel that way.
I have an idea.
From now on,
we have to save up until we grow up.
What for?
To go to India!
Emir, Mom and I were
just talking about that.
Right. We'll collect the lottery tickets,
but you're the one buying them.
-Buy a lot?
-Yes, a lot!
Mom!
He wants to help me save money
to go to India.
He wants to go to India with me.
Are you going to India with Devi?
Yes. I will save every penny I receive.
I'll even save my pocket money
to go to India with Devi.
I will also help you, Devi.
Thank you. I am so happy, Emir.
This is for your dad, okay?
Thank you, Auntie.
That's taro curry, your dad's favorite.
Thank you, Emir.
But now, I want to continue practicing.
Emir!
I want to keep practicing!
Excuse me, Auntie.
Say hello to your mom. And Uli too.
Emir!
You have to be serious
if you want to go to India.
Okay? I will also save money for you.
Now what do you want?
Continue practicing.
Then I want to study. How about you?
I'm tired, Devi. I want to rest.
Uli.
I want to go to India with Devi.
To India?
Yes.
Devi really wants to go to India
to meet her dad.
Where's the money going to come from?
I'll save. I'm entering the lottery.
How's that possible, Emir?
It's possible.
I can enter the lottery for big prizes.
You won't necessarily win.
Uli.
Don't be jealous
because you weren't invited.
I never asked to be invited.
All right then.
You have to stop this, Ida.
Why are you only talking about that now?
There's been enough trauma in my life.
But don't bring Devi into your world.
She needs a father figure.
Who's better than Amitabh Bachan?
Ida, you never think before you speak!
-Maybe I'm crazy!
-Yes, you are.
-Yes.
-Yes, you've always been crazy!
But I never cared about that.
Since you came here,
I've never had a problem with that, Ida.
But you have to know, we are immigrants.
Be crazy all you want,
just don't drag Devi into it!
She wants to go to India.
Even Emir wants to go too.
I can't imagine
how disappointed they will be.
I'm sick, Brother.
You have to tell Devi
who her real dad is.
No.
-I don't want to destroy their happiness!
-They are not happy, Ida!
They're just making fun of you.
You didn't see it.
Emir even became her knight!
I won't take away their dreams!
You've always been the hardest to talk to.
Emir!
Wake up, Emir!
You're dreaming.
Right, I dreamed that I was possessed
by the spirit of Bruce Lee!
That's because you practice too often.
So, you got a nightmare.
No. That wasn't a nightmare.
All right.
I want to go back to sleep.
Mom!
Mom.
I am hungry.
Wake up, Mom.
Mom?
Mom.
Mom!
Wake up, Mom!
Wake up, Mom.
Wake up!
Mom!
-There is no God but Allah.
Glory be to your Lord, the Lord
of Might, above what they claim.
All praise belongs to Allah,
Lord of the worlds.
FARIDA BINTI SULAIMAN
BORN: 3-7-1963, DIED: 21-11-1994
It's okay. Don't cry.
Devi.
Your mom
left this letter for you.
Keep it safe, okay?
MY LETTER FOR AMITABH BACHAN
Isn't that enough?
Not yet, Uncle.
Maybe this is a sign for you to give up.
No.
I will not give up.
Girls your age in Kerinci
already have two kids.
Meanwhile, you're not even thinking
about marriage.
I'm embarrassed to see
you're not married yet.
Uncle.
I don't want to get married
before I meet my dad.
He should be the one to marry me off.
If there is no man you like
in this village…
Choose Emir or Uli. Take your pick.
I only want to marry a man
who is willing to fight for me.
Enough, choose one.
I have to go to India, Uncle.
I have to look for my dad.
-Only he is worthy to marry me.
-Whatever.
Whatever!
As long as
you get married.
I'd better go. Emir might get suspicious.
It's time he found out.
Are you crazy?
Emir could get hurt.
How much longer
do we have to lie like this?
I don't know!
But I really don't want
to hurt Emir's feelings.
He has to know, Devi.
I can't stand us dating in secret
like this all the time.
Emir!
Where's Uli?
I am here!
Uli!
Thank goodness,
we've collected all the money!
It's still not enough.
Did you catch anything?
I let them go again.
Why?
Caught, caught
Then I let you go again
Slipped, slipped
I can't hold on again
You're the darling I serve
The crown on my aching heart
I'm torn between choosing you or him
And I'm really torn
About which love to choose
One is loyal
The other tests my faith
Confused, confused, confused
Caught, caught
Darling, I let you go again
Slipped, slipped
I can't hold on again
You're the darling I serve
The crown on my aching heart
I'm torn between choosing you or him
-You or him
-And I'm really torn
About which love to choose
My heart is captivated
By the love of both
-Confused, confused, confused
-I'm caught between a rock
-And a hard place
Emir!
Emir, this is enough.
Me too.
We need to get a passport.
I've got the form.
Did you take two forms?
Three.
-Why three?
-Try not to give up hope
Open the eyes of your heart
There's nothing wrong
with getting a passport too.
Now I leave it to you
To make your choice
Let's get a passport.
No need, Devi.
The money is not enough.
Besides, I can get my own passport.
Why go to India if you can go to America
Why go to India
It's better to stay in Indonesia
Ouch, ouch, ouch
Ouch
Devi!
Devi.
I'd better go. Emir might get suspicious.
Let him know.
Don't be like that.
Do you have the heart
to leave me alone in Indonesia?
No.
I want you to come along.
But…
It's better for me to go.
Devi!
Déjà vu.
Are you sure you're going to India?
Why are you asking that now?
I'm just worried.
I'm warning you.
Don't do that! I can look after Devi!
I don't doubt that.
-It's just that you will…
-You have to come too?
No.
You've got it wrong.
Come with me.
Uli, come with me!
Attack!
Attack me!
Emir!
I seek forgiveness from Allah.
This is wrong!
Uli, don't ever mention India again
because you were never a part of it.
That move was wrong!
-Do you want to become a martial artist?
-Yes!
-Do you?
MARTIAL ARTS SCHOOL
Why are you holding up five fingers?
It's two, not five!
Do you understand what it means?
Yes!
One sky, one earth!
Class.
Get some rest.
Uli.
I want to talk to you.
Where are Emir and Devi?
You're always together.
They are about to leave for India.
You're not going with them?
No.
Why?
Devi, let's go!
Devi!
Yes!
Be patient, Emir.
Uli!
Uli's gone. It's just the two of us.
Does he already know?
How could he forget?
He said he would join us there.
Come on, we'll be late.
Emir.
We won't be late.
Come on.
Actually, I've wanted to talk to you
for a long time.
Every time you practice,
you always talk about India.
But you are always forgotten.
You always sit quietly
and don't say anything.
Do you remember?
I remember.
Have you started saving?
Yes, I have.
I'm also collecting this lottery.
If I win, we'll have plenty of money
to go to India.
I can also collect more money than you.
How?
I could work as a cinema ticket taker
or a booking agent
if Mr. Rhoma wants to perform.
No way they'll let kids be booking agents.
That's only for adults.
Don't make things up!
As long as I don't steal.
Just leave it to me!
What is it, Emir?
Do you often collect wrappers?
Yes, who knows? I might win.
Same with me.
Really?
Yes.
-Do you want mine?
-Yes!
Take it after practice, okay?
Devi, we can go to India.
Do you want to go to India?
Yes, to see my dad!
Amitabh Bachan?
Yes, I hope that you can win.
Uli?
I feel bad seeing you like that.
Why?
Because I knew
you actually want to go too.
-I love Devi, Master.
-Yes, I know.
How did you know?
You were disappointed to see Emir
and Devi collecting the lottery.
-I was also hurt at that time.
-See?
I can collect
more lottery papers than Emir.
Why didn't you do that then?
Did you get discouraged?
Did you?
Maybe…
I don't know.
You really don't need to worry.
I've wanted to talk about this
for a long time.
But you were all still kids.
I couldn't bring myself
to crush your dreams.
Emir with his kung fu and Bruce Lee.
You with your hands and Rhoma Irama.
Do you still have magic hands?
Thank God.
Yes, it still is, Master.
I know exactly who Devi's dad is.
Who?
It's a shame that Uli didn't come.
He must be angry.
Maybe he forgot.
It's not too late, Master.
Peace be upon you.
Peace be upon you too.
MARTIAL ARTS SCHOOL
Come on, everyone. Let's go.
Let's go.
Wait. The car is full.
Sir, which bus goes to Padang?
It's about to leave.
Devi!
Emir, what's Uli holding?
Did you leave anything behind?
Ignore him.
-Keep going, sir.
-Devi!
Devi!
You left this!
GARDEN RESTAURANT KLIA
Honey, come on.
-Baby, please.
-What are you doing?
You know that I don't like it
-when you bring up your affair!
-I know.
-Stop it. I'm embarrassed.
-I don't care.
I don't like it!
Babe, enough. I'm embarrassed.
Too many people here. Please.
Let everyone know that you are a bastard
who is having an affair
with a Malaysian woman!
Devi.
Let's eat here.
While we wait for our flight to Mumbai.
You haven't finished the book yet?
Not yet.
You know…
Mumbai is close to Tibet.
Dalai Lama's city.
I am very hungry.
My stomach is growling.
You didn't eat when we were in Padang.
That's why you're hungry now.
It seems like the food at this restaurant
is safe for our stomachs.
Let me order nasi lemak for you.
They say it's a shame not to try
Malaysian nasi lemak
while we are transiting here.
BCA SAVINGS ACCOUNT
I can't wait
to see my dad.
Soon, your dream will come true.
I need to find an ATM.
It looks like we're running out of money.
MARTIAL ARTS SCHOOL
KERINCI TIGER
What are you doing, Uli?
I need to find him.
That's good.
Last I heard, he was in Jakarta.
Do you know where he is in Jakarta?
No.
But you can ask his brother.
-His brother?
-Yes.
Rafli, her dad's brother.
If her uncle is here,
why hasn't he ever contacted Devi?
He is a quiet person.
Maybe the same as me.
He didn't want to make
the situation even worse.
Calm down. I'll introduce you to him.
Okay?
It's all right.
Are you Indian?
I'm Devi from Kerinci.
I can't speak Hindi.
Are you from Indonesia?
I thought you were a real Indian.
I just got back from Jakarta too,
and now I'm heading back to Bombay.
Mumbai?
I am going there too.
I want to meet my dad.
Your dad is Indian?
But I have never met him since I was born.
Here.
I'm a film producer.
And coincidentally,
I'm currently producing
a soap opera in Jakarta.
If you're in film, you must know my dad.
Who is your dad?
Amitabh Bachan!
I didn't expect Mr. Amitabh
to have a daughter in Indonesia.
Mr. Sanjay, let me introduce you.
This is my cousin, Emir.
Emir.
I'll excuse myself. See you in Bombay.
My phone number is there.
Mr. Amitabh must be missing you.
Devi, who is that?
Why are you with a man?
I was only gone for a bit.
You must be careful.
They say
Indians are more dangerous than snakes!
Emir.
It's not good to keep
thinking badly about others.
I can't wait to see Dad.
God is the Greatest.
Peace be upon you.
I don't want to be rude.
Rude?
It's reckless to interfere
in people's affairs!
-Rafli.
-Roughly, it's like that.
-You're not the rude type.
-That's why I don't want to be rude.
-Mr. Rafli.
-Roughly, it's like that.
-Can you help me find Devi's dad?
-I don't want to be rude to Devi.
No! She won't feel abused.
In fact, we are helping her.
If he's sure about this,
I'm willing to help.
I am sure!
God willing.
We have to find her dad then.
Roughly, where is Devi's dad?
We'd better ask.
Roughly, that's how it is, Uli. Get it?
Please drink.
-How old is the person?
-Twenty.
I mean the one you're looking for!
I don't know.
Roughly, in his '50s.
Get out!
-Who?
-You!
-Why?
-I can't think!
Do you use your mind too?
My predictions are scientific.
Get out!
Peace be upon you.
You're not married yet?
Me?
Don't lie.
-I know if you're lying.
-Roughly, not yet.
Do you like men?
Don't lie. I'd know if you're lying.
-I'm not God, but--
-I don't like men.
-But if there's someone--
-Handsome, you want him too.
Do you know him?
-Roughly.
-He's in Tibet.
-What do you mean?
-Sobet brebet.
Anyway, there was a big man standing,
pointing at Simpang Empat.
Well, there he is.
Sir.
No one's inside.
Wait!
Let's go. Let's just find another hotel.
We are not as poor as you think.
When will the staff arrive?
-Sir.
-Wait!
Uli, let's just wait.
-What does that mean?
-Never.
Is the air conditioner all right?
Air conditioner?
Yes, it's cold.
Do you want one?
No, thank you.
Sit down.
Today, we will meet
Amitabh Bachan's producer.
Really?
There is nothing difficult for me
in this city.
It's all easy.
I don't know what to say.
You could thank me.
Thank you.
Your smile is charming.
Perhaps…
You could become an artist here too.
Do you want to?
If it's about that, maybe not yet.
I don't even speak English,
let alone Hindi.
But you'd be perfect as an Indian.
Just look at you.
Thank you.
I've been wearing clothes like this
since I was little.
I was ridiculed, but eventually,
they ignored me.
Come here. Look at the garden.
It's a beautiful garden.
It would be even more beautiful
if you stood there.
This house belongs
to your dad's ex-girlfriend.
-Are you serious?
-Yes.
Emir!
Come in! Sanjay is inside.
What is he doing inside?
Come on!
Come on, Emir.
Please, sit down.
Sit down, Emir.
All right, I'll take care of the meeting
with Amitabh Bachan then.
When the time comes, I'll tell Devi.
Right, I forgot!
Maybe you should take care of that first.
I think Devi needs to get ready.
So, don't take too long, okay?
Yes, right. I have to get ready.
You have to look beautiful.
Emir.
Don't frown like that.
I don't trust him!
Even after he offered us a place to stay?
When his intentions are so unclear?
Emir, don't be jealous.
I see the way you look at him.
We just arrived.
You're already getting close to him.
You'd better calm down.
Perhaps you're right.
Sanjay.
This place…
This place is too luxurious.
I don't belong here. I'm embarrassed.
Besides, poor Emir is at home alone.
Stop that, okay?
Tonight,
you are the most beautiful woman
in Bombay.
Tonight,
Goddess Sinta has descended to Earth.
And she has transformed into
a beautiful woman before my eyes.
And I…
will be cursed by the gods
if I can't give my best
for the incarnation of Goddess Sinta.
Let's ask them.
-Sir.
-Yes?
Where's the apartment near here?
There it is.
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
Thank you.
Mine.
Excuse me, sir.
-Yes?
-Do you know this person?
If I'm not mistaken,
this person lives on the second floor.
-Second floor, right?
-Yes.
-Try asking again upstairs.
-Okay.
-Thank you.
-Yes, you're welcome.
-Yes.
This is mine!
-Mine!
Mine!
That's mine!
Miss.
Ma'am!
-Yes?
-Do you know Mr. Tohir?
People say he lives in this apartment.
-Ohil?
-"Ohil."
-Tohir!
-Ohil.
-Right.
-Here's the photo.
I know him.
There, the green door with the doll.
-Okay? There.
-Okay.
-Thank you, miss.
-Excuse me, ma'am.
-Yes.
-Hey!
-Sorry, sir!
Sorry? Ride your bicycle outside,
not in here!
It's the doll.
Peace be upon you.
-Mr. Tohir!
-Uli!
Mr. Tohir!
Mr. Tohir, this is Uli from Kerinci!
-Father!
-What?
What do you mean? Who are you?
-Sorry, sir. I'm looking for Mr. Tohir.
-Who?
Mr. Tohir.
-Tohir?
-Yes.
I'm Toha, not Tohir. Stupid!
Don't be noisy!
-Go away!
-Sorry, we have the wrong person.
-Excuse me, sir.
-Go now!
Can't you be polite?
He already apologized!
You want to fight?
-Fight me!
-Don't you know I'm a champion?
Come on!
-Wrong target.
-Are you okay?
Let me finish him.
Go straight to Kerinci
Let me show you my mastery!
Go to Ciateul to buy dodol
One strike from me, you'll lose control!
Here, kiss my armpits.
-Does it smell?
-Hey, help me!
Back off!
Honey.
Darling!
You want more?
Okay, let's do it.
You guys are noisy!
The door can't be closed.
Do you want to take a peek?
It's stuck.
The city people are crazy.
Is that his wife?
May the peace, mercy,
and blessings of Allah be upon you.
May peace, mercy,
and blessings of Allah be upon you too.
Mr. Rhoma!
-Peace be upon you, Mr. Rhoma!
-Uli!
-Sit down!
-Mr. Rhoma!
Are you ready?
I hope my outfit isn't too much.
It's very Indian.
Let's have fun.
Let's go.
Are we not inviting Emir along?
No need. He's asleep.
Are you good?
I am.
Emir!
Sanjay!
Emir! Let go of me!
Emir, let go of me!
Emir, what did you do to Sanjay?
He has been very kind to us!
Emir, let me go!
You're being indecent!
Let's go home!
No! I want to be with Sanjay!
Do you want this?
Now that we have done it,
what's next?
What's the time now?
Sanjay!
Maybe it's noon.
We have to go, Devi.
The producers are waiting.
You need to get ready.
Today, we'll meet
Amitabh Bachan's producer.
What clothes should I wear?
As long as it's beautiful.
Not now, Devi.
Emir?
Yes, I am.
I'm not decent right now.
You've been indecent since last night!
I love Sanjay.
I want to talk to Devi!
You should be aware.
After yesterday's incident,
it's a good thing he didn't kick you out.
Devi, what should I do?
I want to have fun!
You are crazy!
You've been crazy since childhood.
And I don't mean anything to you anymore.
You always belittle me.
I should have gone to India alone.
That's how it should have been.
I am stupid!
I am just deceiving myself!
Sanjay is a bad person.
Since we were kids,
-I've always tried--
-And you think I'm ungrateful?
Listen!
It never occurred to you
that everything you've done so far
has never moved me!
But I remained silent.
Because if I refuse, you will get hurt.
Who am I?
I'm just an orphan
who hopes for your family's pity.
-Enough, Devi!
-No!
You always force your way!
That's the problem!
Do you realize that
I am closer to Uli than to you?
No.
Every time I show signs or even say it,
you always deny it.
I saw Amitabh Bachan yesterday.
If only you were there…
Forgive me, Emir.
Emir?
FROM BROTHER EMIR
Emir is gone.
-I have to catch up with him.
-No need, Devi.
He'll definitely be back.
He couldn't possibly leave you here alone.
-But…
-No need.
I will help you find him later.
Come.
Good morning!
So rude.
Brother.
Wait!
It's him.
Brother?
Brother.
-Brother.
-Brother!
Brother!
-What is it?
-It's him.
Yes, who is he?
It's him!
Devi's dad!
I seek forgiveness from Allah.
So, how is that?
It's impossible.
I've been looking for you for a long time.
It's only been two days.
While I was back in the village,
I was busy looking for you.
I asked everywhere.
You just disappeared.
Now Devi is an adult.
She's in India now.
-India?
-Yes.
Brother.
-So, this is Devi's dad?
-Yes!
-It's because…
-Her mom.
Right.
Farida is still crazy too.
Up until she died.
-When?
-A long time ago.
Devi was still in elementary school
at that time.
How is Devi?
She is busy looking for her dad!
Please, eat.
I'm not hungry.
Sanjay.
What about us?
-Us?
-Yes, us.
That's us.
Why did you let me be
with another man last night?
In this country,
you have to do many things to survive.
You mean I have to be a woman
who switches partners?
You have to be able to differentiate
which one is love and which one is sex.
Sanjay loves Devi.
Everything else is just sex.
Eat.
Yes, of course she's beautiful.
Yes, wait.
You wait for me downstairs. Okay?
Yes, bro.
Sanjay!
Hey, Sunil. Come.
Devi, this is my best friend, Sunil.
-Sunil.
-Devi.
Accompany him, okay?
You bastard, Sanjay!
Come here.
I don't want to live like this anymore!
So you just want to have fun here?
I didn't come here to be like this.
But I am looking for my dad.
Listen.
You should realize that
Amitabh Bachan couldn't possibly
have a daughter like you!
You bastard!
You have to go home.
There's nothing left for me there.
Devi!
-Devi doesn't like me.
-No!
Devi needs her dad!
Amitabh Bachan maybe.
But me? Who am I?
You're Devi's dad!
Devi, I have to go.
I can't bear to see
how much you've changed.
It's too drastic. This isn't the real you.
I'm confused.
I don't know what else to do
but leave you.
If I've been your burden
for 20 years,
I should know my place and leave.
My heart is asking to heal.
If my sacrifice meant nothing,
why should I stay
when you still feel helpless?
Your existence makes me sad, Devi.
It breaks my heart.
THE JOURNEY OF THE LEGENDS
You know…
Mumbai is close to Tibet.
Dalai Lama's city.
Your mom
left this letter for you.
Keep it safe, okay?
My dear Amitabh.
My daughter, Devi,
believes that you are her dad.
She loves dancing just like you.
She wants to make you proud.
Even though there's already someone
who admires her and is very proud of her.
If you want to know,
his name is Emir.
Emir obeyed all of Devi's wishes
to the point that
they saved a lot of money
to meet you in India.
By the way, are you okay?
The last time I saw you was at the cinema.
It felt like the way you looked into
the lens was meant for me.
It pierced straight
to the depths of my heart.
I think my baby bump appeared
while I was at the cinema.
Not in bed with my real husband.
Poor Devi's dad.
He left because he felt
you were his rival.
But there's no harm in him
keeping my dreams alive.
It was just a dream.
It could never be real.
There you are, in your sparkling world.
And I'm here, in Kerinci,
a place that only shines
when the stars appear at night.
I am sorry.
I can't come to meet you.
I'm unwell.
Traveling long distances is impossible.
But I send our daughter,
Devi, who brought this letter to you.
And I introduce Emir to you,
the young man who has always been
her protective knight.
Farida, Kerinci.
Emir! Stop!
Emir! Please, stop!
Emir.
Wake up, Emir.
Emir, wake up.
Devi.
Yes, I am here.
I love you.
I am here.
You're safe now.
Are you getting better?
Why do you care?
I love Devi.
But Devi loves me.
Uli.
Since childhood,
I gave you many chances to act,
but you never did.
Not once did you
look into my eyes
to confess your love for Devi.
Never.
Do you know why?
Because you've always forbidden me
even since we were kids.
Do you think that's how you respect me?
Yes.
No.
That's it.
That's all I can do
to make you understand!
-I do understand!
-If you did,
you should have advised me
a long time ago!
Why would I care about a kid?
You never listen to me!
You've always kept me
away from Devi, ever since long ago.
-But you guys were secretly dating!
-We love each other!
How can I believe that
when I've never heard Devi say it?
-As for Devi…
-You can ask Devi!
You two are like children
who don't know the rules!
You're both selfish.
I don't know what's going on in your head.
Where is your conscience?
You're fighting over me
like I'm some kind of toy!
-It's all because of you!
-This is our destiny, Emir!
Destiny?
Uli should have been more firm!
Uli should stop making me angry!
Uli should have followed his idol
the wrong way! I'm better.
I've worked hard to achieve what I want!
I'd lie in Kathmandu
for my love for you, Devi!
I went to Jakarta looking for Devi's dad!
-If you knew what was happening in India--
-Enough, Emir!
If your mom were here now…
She'll be happy, Dad.
I know.
Your life must have been happy back then.
Mom always tried and I loved that.
I shouldn't have left.
Yes.
I am sorry
for leaving you
and your mom.
My competition was Amitabh Bachan.
That doesn't mean you should have left.
I understand that now.
But the dream was beautiful.
That dream made Mom happy.
It made her feel romantic.
It made her love me.
She wanted to take care of me,
to dress me.
She noticed everything!
From head to toe!
If only you had truly understood
back then.
Yes…
Yes.
I don't understand
how to show
my love to your mom.
I don't belong here right now.
You belong here.